https://www.google.com is up 
https://apple.com is up 
https://youtube.com is up 
https://www.blogger.com is up 
https://microsoft.com is up 
https://wordpress.org is up 
https://support.google.com is down
https://docs.google.com is up 
https://play.google.com is up 
https://linkedin.com is up 
https://plus.google.com is up 
https://adobe.com is up 
https://en.wikipedia.org is up 
https://accounts.google.com is up 
https://github.com is up 
https://vimeo.com is up 
https://youtu.be is up 
https://mozilla.org is up 
https://bp.blogspot.com is down
https://googleusercontent.com is down
https://drive.google.com is up 
https://maps.google.com is up 
https://sites.google.com is up 
https://cloudflare.com is up 
https://bbc.co.uk is up 
https://amazon.com is down
https://facebook.com is up 
https://vk.com is down
https://istockphoto.com is up 
https://creativecommons.org is up 
https://dailymotion.com is up 
https://live.com is down
https://mail.google.com is up 
https://europa.eu is up 
https://line.me is up 
https://gstatic.com is down
https://cnn.com is up 
https://mail.ru is up 
