https://www.google.com is up
https://support.google.com is down
https://wordpress.org is up
https://apple.com is up
https://docs.google.com is up
https://youtube.com is up
https://plus.google.com is up
https://en.wikipedia.org is up
https://linkedin.com is up
https://bp.blogspot.com is down
https://adobe.com is up
https://googleusercontent.com is down
https://play.google.com is up
https://github.com is up
https://accounts.google.com is up
https://vimeo.com is up
https://maps.google.com is up
https://drive.google.com is up
https://www.blogger.com is up
https://youtu.be is up
https://cloudflare.com is up
https://sites.google.com is up
https://facebook.com is up
https://bbc.co.uk is up
https://amazon.com is down
https://mozilla.org is up
https://vk.com is down
https://istockphoto.com is up
https://live.com is down
https://creativecommons.org is up
https://dailymotion.com is up
https://gstatic.com is down
https://mail.google.com is up
https://bbc.com is up
https://cnn.com is up
https://photos.google.com is up
https://nytimes.com is up
https://europa.eu is up
https://whatsapp.com is up
https://mail.ru is up
https://paypal.com is up
https://microsoft.com is up
https://es.wikipedia.org is up
https://google.es is up
https://imdb.com is up
https://forbes.com is up
https://line.me is up
https://google.com.br is up
https://google.de is up
https://nih.gov is up
https://fr.wikipedia.org is up
https://policies.google.com is up
https://hugedomains.com is down
https://pt.wikipedia.org is up
https://developers.google.com is up
https://wikimedia.org is up
https://dropbox.com is up
https://msn.com is up
https://uol.com.br is up
https://google.co.jp is up
https://www.yahoo.com is up
https://slideshare.net is up
https://feedburner.com is up
https://amazon.co.jp is down
https://myspace.com is up
https://google.co.uk is up
https://theguardian.com is up
https://networkadvertising.org is up
https://buydomains.com is up
https://reuters.com is up
https://globo.com is up
https://news.yahoo.com is down
https://medium.com is down
https://t.me is up
https://change.org is down
https://translate.google.com is up
https://ft.com is up
https://gnu.org is up
https://steampowered.com is up
https://groups.google.com is up
https://picasaweb.google.com is up
https://code.google.com is up
https://ig.com.br is up
https://google.fr is up
https://apache.org is up
https://engadget.com is up
https://www.wix.com is up
https://booking.com is up
https://aol.com is down
https://wsj.com is up
https://fb.com is up
https://news.google.com is up
https://youronlinechoices.com is up
https://jimdofree.com is up
https://cpanel.net is up
https://techcrunch.com is up
https://wired.com is up
https://tools.google.com is up
https://dailymail.co.uk is up
https://independent.co.uk is up
https://archive.org is up
https://thesun.co.uk is up
https://hp.com is down
https://de.wikipedia.org is up
https://goo.gl is up
https://huffingtonpost.com is up
https://issuu.com is up
https://washingtonpost.com is down
https://mediafire.com is up
https://ipv4.google.com is up
https://amazon.co.uk is down
https://samsung.com is up
https://files.wordpress.com is up
https://soundcloud.com is up
https://google.ru is up
https://nasa.gov is down
https://android.com is up
https://aboutads.info is up
https://marketingplatform.google.com is up
https://w3.org is down
https://gravatar.com is up
https://draft.blogger.com is up
https://harvard.edu is up
https://myaccount.google.com is up
https://foxnews.com is up
https://opera.com is down
https://www.gov.uk is up
https://ted.com is up
https://rt.com is up
https://telegram.me is up
https://ebay.com is down
https://fandom.com is up
https://books.google.com is up
https://bing.com is up
https://nypost.com is up
https://bloomberg.com is up
https://twitter.com is up
https://get.google.com is up
https://privacyshield.gov is down
https://ok.ru is up
https://wikia.com is up
https://bit.ly is down
https://plesk.com is up
https://oracle.com is up
https://un.org is up
https://pinterest.com is up
https://search.google.com is up
https://telegraph.co.uk is up
https://elpais.com is up
https://abril.com.br is up
https://amazon.de is down
https://cnet.com is up
https://scribd.com is up
https://usatoday.com is up
https://lefigaro.fr is up
https://google.it is up
https://aliexpress.com is up
https://digg.com is up
https://disney.com is up
https://terra.com.br is up
https://tinyurl.com is up
https://economist.com is up
https://rakuten.co.jp is down
https://stackoverflow.com is up
https://marriott.com is up
https://gen.xyz is down
https://amazon.es is down
https://bp2.blogger.com is down
https://ietf.org is up
https://sedo.com is up
https://instagram.com is down
https://bt.com is up
https://hatena.ne.jp is up
https://google.co.in is up
https://windowsphone.com is down
https://rtve.es is up
https://google.ca is up
https://sports.yahoo.com is down
https://picasa.google.com is up
https://themeforest.net is down
https://a8.net is up
https://dell.com is up
https://google.com.tw is up
